Language Review of acs.rst (#16026)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml/resource-management/acs.rst

Managing Latency and Throughput
###############################

Problem Definition
******************

> Latency is a measure of how long a business transaction takes to complete while throughput measures, on average, the minimum and maximum range of business transactions possible per second. Defense against latency and throughput issues can be written into the Daml application during design. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latency is a measure of how long a business transaction takes to complete. Throughput measures, on average, the number of business transactions possible per second while taking into account any lower or upper bounds which may point to bottlenecks. Defense against latency and throughput issues can be written into the Daml application during design. 
```

       create this with quantity = quantity + sum quantities
 

Separate templates for large payloads that change rarely and require minimum access from those for fields that change with almost every action. This optimizes resource consumption for multiple business transactions. 

> This batching approach makes updates in one transaction submission rather than requiring separate transactions for each update. Note: this option can increase latency a little bit and may increase the possibility of command failure but this can be avoided. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This batching approach makes updates in one transaction submission rather than requiring separate transactions for each update. Note: this option can cause a small increase in latency and may increase the possibility of command failure but this can be avoided. For example:
```
